Make minor fixes to README.md (#330)
Guardsquare/proguard: README.md

or on Windows:

```
bin\proguard.bat @myconfig.pro
```

> All available options are described in the [Configuration section](docs/md/manual/configuration/usage.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All available options are described in the [configuration section of the manual](https://www.guardsquare.com/manual/configuration/usage).
```

This can actually link to the published manual instead.
